The first step is admitting you're a problem.
You remind me of a penny. Two-faced and not worth much.
Your mom is like an elevator—if you push the right button, she'll go down on you!
If you who are assembled in a council are so frivolous and irresponsible as to waste time and money on unnecessary questions, when it is the business of a council to deal only with the important and necessary matters, we should not only refuse to obey you, but consider you insane or criminals.
Your favorite T-shirt is offensive in thirteen states.
If you find me offensive, I suggest you quit finding me.
Your mom has a pussy on her hip, so she can make money on the side!
I must tell you friendly in your ear, sell when you can, you are not for all markets.
and we'll start even.
You have surrendered yourself and dared to become an avowed enemy of God, wanting to race rather than trot to hell.
If I were to repay you in slanderous words for the way you have blasphemed so maliciously and terribly, where would I find enough words? For your sins and blasphemy are immeasurable.
It's your life—but I wish you'd let us have it.
You shouldn't play hide and seek; no one would look for you.
You reek of nothing but Lucian, and you breathe out on me the vast drunken folly of Epicurus.
Hi! I'm a human being. What are you?
O you wolf in Christendom!
Your mom is so stupid she tried to wake a sleeping bag.
You poisonous loudmouth.
Yo mama is so fat, when she told me her weight, I thought she was giving me her phone number.
Go to the lightining strike that breaks you in half.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be overjoyed.
Someday you'll go far... and I hope you stay there.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You gamble with God's Word like a rogue.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
This woman's an easy glove, my lord, she goes off and on at pleasure.
I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the one that made it.
Thou clay-brained guts, thou knotty-pated fool, thou whoreson obscene greasy tallow-catch!
Your type makes me puke, you vacuous, toffee-nosed, maloderous, pervert!
You're so unattractive that when you threw a boomerang, it didn't come back.
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
The world would have been better off if your father had pulled out.
You live like Epicureans and sows. So the fat is in the fire!
Your momma is so ugly... she gotta be your momma.
The next time your mind goes blank, do all of us a favor—turn off the sound.
Your satellite dish payment delays buying school clothes for the kids.
I slept with your girlfriend last night, and also your girlfriend is also your mom.
Just as in a picture or dream you might see the king of the flies with his lances of straw and shields of hay arrayed against a real and regular army of seasoned human troops, that is how you go to war.
You're so large you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
See how your spirit here walks on eggs, how you twist and turn, how you talk as if you had mush in your mouth and mumble like a half-dead, despairing person.
You people are more stupid than a block of wood.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb to the number of your chromosomes and jump to your IQ.
Are you always an idiot or just when I'm around?
If you ever decide to kill yourself, you could climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Is not what I said before true, that you have eaten and drunk yourself full of devils, and so spew vainglorious devils out of your hellish gorge?
You are a crude ass, and an ass you will remain!
Where you dropped at birth?
Your mom is like a hoover; turn her on, and she sucks!
How this spirit makes a food of itself in all its words. You can say nothing but that it boomerangs on your own head and hits you so that you not only are blackened but are made to stagger as a drunkard.
You grow on people and so does cancer.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
So, you think all men are the same? Who told you to try them all?
You're so large that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
Do you go to the zoo for a family reunion?
You're kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair you let down everyone in your life.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
Are you not making an elephant out of a fly? What wonder workers!
Man alive! But I wish you weren't.
If stupidity was painful, you'd be in agony.
Someday you will get your big chance... or have you already had it?
Your birth announcement included the word "rug rat."
In devil's fashion you go out where God would enter and enter where God goes out. It ought surprise no one that I call you a devil.
You've got a puss like like a bulldog licking pee aff a thistle.
Two things: 1 - Where have you been all my life? 2 - Can you please go back there?
Sheesh, when you fell down the ugly tree, did you have to hit every branch on the way down?
Before coffee, I hate everyone. After coffee, I feel good about hating everyone.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
Notice how every girl on Tinder, Instagram nad TikTok has a nose ring because no one will put one on their finger.
You're not the kind of person I'd put on speakerphone.
The fact that jellyfish have survived for millions of years despite not having brains should give you hope.
Can I borrow your face? My arse is on holiday.
You're about as cool as the Fruit Loops I had for breakfast!
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Any of your kids were conceived in a car wash.
You're so slow that even the autistic kid didn't want to hang out with you.
I figured out why you look so bad in pictures. It's your face.
Shampoo my dick-hair with your saliva.
Your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is definitely the real thing.
I think you should live for the moment. But after that, I doubt I'll think so.
Think what you will, so make in your pants, hang it round your neck, then make a jelly of it and eat it like the vulgar sows and asses you are!
I guess those penis enlargement pills are working, you're twice the dick you were yesterday.
Shit happens. I mean, look at your face.
Every electrical outlet in your house is a fire hazard.
I would like the pleasure of your company, but it only gives me displeasure.
You are an extraordinary creature, being neither God nor man. Perhaps you are the devil himself.
You may be dressed up on the outside, but you're messed up on the inside.
On your mark. Get set. Go away!
I want to call you a bitch, but that will be an insult for the bitch.
Your dad jacked off in a flower pot &amp; had a blooming idiot.
It's easier to spray weed killer on your lawn than mow it.
You conduct yourself like one drunk or asleep, belching out between your snores, &quot;Yes, No.&quot;
You are living proof that test-tube experiments can fail.
You are a Baal-zebub - that is, a man of flies.
You aren't just missing a screw. It's more like the whole toolbox is gone.
Away, you starvelling, you elf-skin, you dried neat's-tongue, bull's-pizzle, you stock-fish!
May the flies from a thousand camels forever infest your armpits.
Your asshole is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth.
You're so ugly you made an onion cry.
Your hockey team made you goalie so you'd have to wear a mask.
You have a perverted spirit that thinks only of murdering the conscience.
Even if the Antichrist appears, what greater evil can he do than what you have done and do daily?
If I had a penny for every brain cell you have I'd have nothing.
You give my middle finger an erection.
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
You are fat and have body odor!
You can't run away from your problems because you are the problem.
The silly, feeble devil thinks no one sees it. No, my fellow, we see you well enough. You haven't used enough make-up; you need more and other colors.
I hope you choke on your own cock you pompous boner jockey.
Yeah you're pretty ... pretty stupid
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Oops, my bad. I could have sworn I was dealing with an adult.
You're so fat, I pictured you in my head and nearly broke my neck.
I would not dream of judging or punishing you, except to say that you were born from the behind of the devil, are full of devils, lies, blasphemy, and idolatry; are the instigator of these things, God's enemy, Antichrist, desolater of Christendom, and steward of Sodom.
You star in 'Holy Fuck Who Gives A Shit'.
It was 2:59 when God made you, and he got off at 3.
I think its mating season at the zoo so go back to the orangutans and get married.
Your dad is like cement; it takes him two days to get hard!
You're so ugly, you could get a job at a bakery posing for animal crackers.
Your gene pool could use a bit more chlorine.
You are the worst rascal of all the rascals on earth!
You're not yourself today. I noticed the improvement right away.
I usually never forget a face, but in your case I'd be happy to make an exception.
Your favorite hunting dog has a bigger tombstone than your grandfather.
Your mama gives you tips on how to sneak booze into sporting events.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
Notice how every girl on Buzzfeed has a nose ring because no one will put one on their finger.
I'm not saying I hate you. What I'm saying is that you are literally the Monday of my life.
I have selective hearing. Unfortunately, you weren't selected.
You are so lazy, you are going to marry a pregnant woman.
If someday we send idiots in orbit, you are not to stop revolving.
I may have been dropped on my head when I was a kid, but you, sir, were clearly flung against a wall.
Cock washing is not a job description!
I just stepped in something smarter than you… and it smelled better too.
You're so ugly your incubator had tinted glass.
I hope both sides of your pillow are hot.
Don't forget to grab a straw, 'cause you suck.
Bitch, please. My hairdryer is hotter than you.
Is your brain giving you the silent treatment today?
Thou cream faced loon
You go to KFC and lick other people's fingers.
As for the signs of your peculiar priesthood, we are willing to let you boast of these mean things, for we know it would be quite easy to shave, anoint, and clothe in a long robe even a pig or a block of wood.
Your face is fine, but you should put a bag over your personality.
You are the sin-master and soul-murdered.
Go away I was looking at something better than you.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
The only difference between you and Hitler, is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
Your So ugly that Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
Roses are red, violets are blue; God made me pretty; what happened to you?
You're the reason Hitler wanted to get rid of Jews.
For some reason I've always liked I hope you die shitting.
My greatest fear is there is no such thing as PMS and this is really your personality.
I'd like to give you a high five—in the face—with a chair.
You have a smile that could light up the whole psych ward.
You're so large that your idea of dieting is deleting cookies from your internet cache.
Do you know how long it takes for your mother to take a crap? Nine months.
Is this [insert place name] or a toilet because I only see turds.
Peace, ye fat guts!
Just as the devil is disorderly and jumbles things together, so your writings and head are equally disordered and mixed up, so that it is exceedingly annoying to read and difficult to remember what you write.
Suck on my hemorrhoids and wait for better days.
Your boat has not left the driveway in 15 years.
Your mama is so stupid, she walked by a Y.M.C.A. and said, "Oh look, somebody spelled MACY'S wrong."
You look like the meatflaps of a French whore's vagina after happy hour, what happened?
If you were sad about being alone on Valentine's Day, just remember: no one loves you on the other days of the year either.
You are pious and honest people, who cannot do anything but calumniate and lie.
You are the scum of all the scoundrels.
In your hiding place you use the most fearless language as though you were full of three holy spirits. Such unseemly boasting reveals clearly what kind of a spirit you are.
Saying "you're a nice person once you get to know him," is like saying "you're a jerk, but you'll get used to it."
I think you're one cat short of crazy.
Your dick is multiple colors; every shade of your mom's lipstick.
Your toilet paper has page numbers on it.
You look like you're starring in an Albanian remake of the Cosby show.
You treat your body like a temple. Unfortunately, it is one of those temples ruined by ISIS.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
I wondered why all the birds suddenly stopped singing.
Why don't you put an 'out of order' sign on your forehead and call it a day?
You're so ugly, you could get treated at the vet, and no one would ask any questions.
Your mama tore her best dress coon hunting.
You are spiritual scarecrows and monk calves.
Every time you go to the beach, the tide comes in.
I'd hit you, but we don't hit girls around here.
God has punished you by making you incapable of understanding truth, virtue, or honor, thus handing you over to the devil to tell nothing but lies, indeed, to do all that is evil, and to upset all that is good.
No one should be punished for an accident of birth, but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
 If you were a game you would be fucking Dota 2 because I don't event want to play with you.
You have two brain cells: one is lost, and the other is out looking for it.
Why would anyone tolerate such things from someone like you, a rotten paunch, crude ass and fart-ass?
You look like Whoopi Goldberg.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
I may be large, but you're unattractive, and I can lose weight.
You jumped off the Grand Canyon and got stuck.
Your mother has been involved in a fistfight at a high school sports event.
Your pants say yoga, but your ass says McDonald's.
I'm jealous of all the people who haven't met you.
She has a face like a dog looking into a spoon.
Are you and your penis having a competition to see who can disappoint me the most?
You are so old that even your memory is in black and white.
You're the best at all you do, and all you do is make people hate you.
If a zombie was looking for brains, he'd walk right by you.
Your wife wants to stop at the gas station to see if they've got the new Darrell Waltrip Budweiser wall clock.
You are the most insane heretics and ingrafters of heretical perversity.
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
Be yourself. No one else wants to be you.
Perhaps you want me to die of unrelieved boredom while you keep on talking.
You're so dim-witted that it took you two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
You ass, abecedarian, and bacchanal.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
You look like you're going to spend your life having one epiphany after another, always thinking you've finally figured out what's holding you back and how you can finally be productive and creative and turn your life around.
You're not funny, but your life, now that's a joke.
You are more corrupt than any Babylon or Sodom ever was, and, as far as I can see, are characterized by a completely depraved, hopeless, and notorious godlessness.
Your astute minds have been completely turned into stinking mushrooms.
You are a cum guzzling thunder cunt.
The rankest compound of villainous smell that ever offended nostril
How do I block you in real life?
Are you always this stupid, or is this a special occasion?
I wish you were more fluent in silence.
May the devil stay with you in this blasphemous, murderous, sinful, pernicious thing.
Just how closely related were your parents? Have you asked?
Save your breath... you'll need it to blow up your date.
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed.
You stink.
You are so short that your head smells of your feet.
Honey, you couldn't pour water out of a boat if the instructions were on the side.
Hey there, train wreck, this ain't your station.
Your classes at school were canceled because the path to the restroom was flooded.
You pull your pants down, and your rear is still in them.
Everyone can see that such a sentence must have been blown into you by all the existing devils with one breath.
You'd have to go to Sea World to get baptized.
If I threw a stick, you'd leave, right?
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
How is Internet Explorer working for you?
If I wanted to kill myself, I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You vulgar boor, blockhead, and lout, you ass to cap all asses, screaming your heehaws.
You need to stop, drop, and roll away from me.
This venom - the mere smell of which kills a man!
I look into your eyes and get the feeling someone else is driving.
You have more rolls than a bakery.
You suck.
There's someone for everyone, and the person for you is a psychiatrist.
You are the human equivalent of a participation award.
Keep talking; someday you'll say something intelligent.
After meeting you, I feel sorry for your dog.
Question: How could a person like you lose 50 pounds of ugly fat in 1 second? Answer: By cutting off your head!
Your mom is like a gas station—eventually, everyone gets a pump.
You ought to feel shame in your hearts, you great gruff asses' heads.
You're the reason Velcro shoes were invented.
Get out in the name of a thousand devils, and break your neck before you are out of the city.
Here is the babe, as loathsome as a toad.
People like you are the reason people like me need medication.
His wit's as thick as a Tewkesbury mustard.
You're about as important as a white crayon.
The tartness of your face sours ripe grapes.
Your brain is as dry as the remainder biscuit after voyage.
If i wanted my own comeback, I'd get it off your mother's chin.
But tell me why you are making this. Do you play Fortnite?
Somewhere out there is a tree that has worked tirelessly to provide the oxygen you're breathing.
Your home has more miles on it than your car.
Your parakeet knows the phrase "Open up, Police!"
Do you realize that people just tolerate you?
Going to the bathroom in the middle of the night involves putting on shoes and a jacket and grabbing a flashlight.
Every overbite can be fixed. Then I saw yours.
Heaven and earth are in danger of caving in because of your heresies.
You - like the spider which sucks only poison from the rose - draw only vain pride from the doctrine of humility.
You poor, base, rascally, cheating lack-linen mate!
You're so large that when you farted, you triggered global warming.
You were so ugly when you were born that your mom threw you away and kept the afterbirth.
You're not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Why don't you let that hole under your nose heal up?
Your favorite Christmas present was a painting on black velvet.
May you get fucked by a blind bear.
You tiny fingered, cheeto-faced, ferret wearing shitgibbon!
I like you. People say I've no taste, but I like you.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
Some people look like a million bucks. You look like insufficient funds.
Close your mouth! Crap is coming out of it.
Your family tree does not fork.
I'll make sarma with your penis' skin.
You arsonists, enemies of languages and truth!
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and A&amp;E made a documentary that saved your life.
Even Scooby-Doo couldn't solve the mystery of your looks.
You're so large that when Mount Everest tried to climb you, it gave up.
Are you always such an idiot, or do you just show off when I'm around?
You have the face for the radio and the voice for a silent film.
Even Lucifer was not guilty of so great a sacrilege in heaven, for he only presumed to be God's equal. God help us!
I saw your mama kicking a can down the street. I asked her what she was doing, and she said, "Moving."
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
You can't fit in this joke.
Are you always this stupid, or is today a special occasion?
Diaper Man
Go on. Add some variety to your sex life... use the other hand.
You are the Roman Nimrod and a teacher of sin.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Why do you sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it?
You're so large you've got more chins than a Hong Kong phone book.
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse.
You're so dumb, you thought Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
If life is a highway, you're obviously taking a dirt road.
Perhaps you like to hear yourself talk, as the stork its own clattering.
I am sick when I do look on thee.
Your hairline is like Pluto, unreachable.
That girl's like a car radiator on a winter night ' you've got to top her up with alcohol to keep her moving. 
I know that you're nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you.
Your mama would rather go to the racetrack than the Kennedy Center.
I think that all the devils have at once entered into you.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
The Asshole Convention is a few blocks down, sir (ma'am). You'll be
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
Your mom is so fat she's gotta sleep in a barn with the rest of the cows.
I'd like to send you a "Get Better Soon" card. I know you're not sick; I just think you can do better.
Sorry for being late. I got caught up in enjoying my last few minutes of not being here.
Just checking on you... I heard a loud pop and thought you might have pulled your head out of your ass.
Does the zoo know that you and the other baboons got loose?
You're so big when you jump for joy you get stuck.
You walk behind your boss reaching through his legs and supporting his testicles.
I envy people who haven't met you.
You look like the kind of guy that would suck dick for bus money and then walk home.
I've met some pricks in my time, but you, my friend, are a fucking cactus.
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons, and electrons; they forgot to mention morons.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
You're so unattractive that you couldn't get a dog to lick you if you were covered in gravy.
You so ugly you made Frankenstein look dreamy
I'm in one of those bad moods where I'd just like to throw a book at your face and say, "I just Facebooked you!"
You've got a face like a burst haggis.
Having a little dick doesn't mean you can be a big one.
Instead of Chapstick, you should use a glue stick.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
You are pigeon-liver'd and lack gall.
Your wife weighs more than your refrigerator.
But, if you're here, who's guarding Hades?
Do your keepers a huge favor: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
You're so large that when you wear a yellow raincoat, people scream "taxi!"
My imaginary friend thinks you have serious mental problems.
You should eat some makeup, to make your insides perfect.
You weaselheaded fucknugget!
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
You're so unattractive that when your mom dropped you off at school, she got fined for littering.
What bilgewater of heresies has ever been spoken so heretically as what you have said?
Even if your writings were from an angel from heaven I would take this horrible document, and, after having used it as toilet paper, wipe its nose.
You completely close your mind and do nothing but shout, &quot;Anathema, anathema, anathema!&quot; so that by your own voice you are judged mad.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
I love the sound you make when you shut up.
Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!
I checked my receipt. I didn't buy any of your bullshit.
You make stupid look stupid!
Abracadabra! Nope, you're still a loser.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
You, my friend, are a piece of foam.
You're like the universe, constantly expanding.
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
You know you're ugly when they hand you the camera for a group picture.
If only your teeth were as white as your legs.
What happened? Did your train of thought leave the station without you?
You're so dim-witted that you thought Ariana Grande was a font.
&quot;You know what I like about you?&quot; ---&gt; &quot;If standing side by side, you would make a baboon look beautiful!&quot;
Did you know that you have the right to remain silent even when you're not being arrested?
You are inimical asses!
What you say is a blasphemy that has made you worthy of a thousand deaths.
It would be nice if you took a chill pill. It would be even nicer if you choked on it.
Your grandfather completely executes the "pull my finger" trick at the family reunion.
If my dog had a face as ugly as yo' mama's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards!
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
But nothing will ever change.
You're spontaneous, and I hope you spontaneously combust.
There's nothing wrong with you ' nothing that a miracle couldn't fix.
Stick your hand in my ass and jerk off with my shit
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I'm not saying you're fat, but she enjoys long, romantic walks to the refrigerator.
You leave footprints in concrete.
You were birthed out your mothers ass because her cunt was too busy.
I never said you were crazy. I just said that your family coat of arms ties at the back.
A natural donkey, which carries sacks to the mill and eats thistles, can judge you - indeed, all creatures can! For a donkey knows it is a donkey and not a cow. A stone knows it is a stone; water is water, and so on through all the creatures. But you mad asses do not know you are asses.
I'd like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure you have a place to put it.
You're so dim-witted that it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
Why don't you go stick a fork in an outlet and call it a day?
Life is full of little disappointments, and I just added you to my list.
You are the cousins of the Antichrist.
Finally you cannot help yourself but spew out good, fat, strong lies, and like a mad person speak against yourself.
I do desire we may be better strangers
You are impossible to underestimate.
Dear God, what an utterly shameless, blasphemous lying-mouth you are!
There are so many stupid people around here, I'm going to have to open my dumbrella.
You are a toad eater and a fawner.
You are so ugly when you were born the doctor said I'm gonna drop it, if it falls is a rat, if it flies is a bat.
Doctor Sow.
Methink'st thou art a general offence and every man should beat thee.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Your primary source of income is the pawn shop.
You are a wolf and apostle of Satan.
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to take off your shoes to sht!
You're as dumb as a mule and twice as ugly. If a strange man offers you a ride, I say take it.
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you're unarmed.
I wondered why all the birds suddenly stopped singing. What brings you here?
I would not smell the foul odor of your name.
If you are furious, you can do something in your pants and hang it around your necks - that would be a musk apple and pacem for such gentle saints.
If ugly was a science, you'd have a PhD.
Your face qualifies as a crime against humanity.
I've taken shits that I respect more than you.
Yo mammas so fat you could slap her legs and ride the waves.
It must be hard for you putting makeup on two faces every day.
That man is a great wit, but nature has deprived him of one great gift'that of dialogue.
Your only condiment on the dining room table is the economy-size bottle of ketchup.
You worship a Dagon and a god of your stomachs.
Reading your comments gave me a visceral allergic reaction.
Your front porch collapses and kills more than three dogs.
Your wife has ever burned out an electric razor.
You show up on radar.
You're so ugly Bob the Builder couldn't even fix you.
People who tolerate you on a daily basis... they're the real heroes.
You laid on the beach, and Greenpeace tried to push you back in the water.
If you shake your head right now, the little amount of brain cells would make the same sounds as a pair of maracas would.
Your mom is like a racecar—she can burn four rubbers in one night!
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid. I thought you already knew.
The Westboro Baptist Church has decided not to protest your funeral.
Your actually a cereal killer because each time you pour cereal, your ugly face literally kills the cereal just by looking at it.
You're about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
Your head shape looks like a broken condom.
I'm as bored as a pacifist's pistol.
Your wife's best shoes have steel toes.
I bet you swim with a t-shirt on.
You're so dumb, you thought Virgin Mobile was a nun in a wheelchair.
May God give you to search for your children with a Geiger counter.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
I'm not saying she drinks too much, but her birthstone is a wine cork.
You're so stupid you couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
I love you so much that if our boat was sinking and there was only one life jacket, I'd miss you a lot.
I'm not saying I hate you, but if you ever get hit by a bus, I'll be driving that bus.
It looks like you fell off the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
You need GPS to find your backside.
Say hello to your wife and my kids for me.
When I see a Christmas card that says "Ho-Ho-Ho!", I know to address it to your mom.
On a scale of 1 to 10, I rate you an E for everyone has been in there.
If I gave a shit, you'd be the first person I'd give it to.
I sure hope you don't kiss your uncle with those lips.
We may confidently suppose and be sure that your spirit will produce evidence and proof when the devil becomes God.
I've stopped listening, so why are you still talking?
I see you set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
Am I getting smart with you? How would you know?
You are the white devil and a glittering Satan.
Don't feel sad; don't feel blue; Frankenstein was ugly too.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
I'll be honest; I can't tell if your mom is even human.
You should classify your dick as a choking hazard, because little children choke on small things.
During your senior year, you and your mother had homeroom together.
Your grandmother has ever been asked to leave a bingo game because of her language.
Your four-year-old is a member of the NRA.
I must have Alzheimer's because I don't remember asking for your opinion.
You are the devil's donkey.
I can always tell if you have been at my house. The toilet is not flushed and the cat is pregnant.
The best part of you ran down the crack of your mom's ass.
Snot-nose!
If you have something to say, raise your hand and place it over your mouth.
I will paint a house with a Q-Tip before I worry about why you're not speaking to me.
Oh, please stay [friend's name], I need a witness in case her head starts spinning around, or she turns into a she wolf.
You're so dumb you failed the stool test.
Shove a turnstile in your asshole and you'll be rich.
Your mother keeps a spit cup on the ironing board.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're a gross, ungrateful clod, worthy of being numbered among the beasts.
Your idea of a seven-course meal is a bucket of KFC and a six-pack.
I could slap your rear and ride the waves.
I saw your mama at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
Your anniversary present was getting the septic tank pumped.
Being married to you was like a walk in the park. Jurassic Park.
You are the prime example of what man has become by the fall of Adam and Eve in paradise.
Are you not mad, and crazy, and crass Nestorians, not knowing when you say yes and when you say no, stating one thing in the premise and another in the conclusion? Away with you stupid asses and fools!
You say, &quot;What comes out of our mouth must be kept!&quot; I hear it - which mouth do you mean? The one from which the farts come? (You can keep that yourself!)
Your mother mates with reindeer!
You're so fat, she has a real horse on her Polo shirt.
You stink like devilish filth flung into Germany.
Mirrors don't lie, and lucky for you, they don't laugh.
I think you're on the wrong floor because you're not on my level.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
Motel 6 turns off the lights when they see you coming.
I don't even think a horse would let you ride him!
You pant after the garlic and melons of Egypt and have already long suffered from perverted tastes.
Roses are red, violets are blue; the smell of shit reminds me of you.
You're so short, when you met Santa, St. Nick said, "Get back to work!"
Why don't you put an "Out Of Order" sign on your forehead and call it a day?
You are worthy only to be mocked by the words of error.
Your kids are going hungry tonight because you just had to have those Yosemite Sam mudflaps.
--&gt; &quot;That's not what your mother said last night.&quot;
I need a leaf blower, but for people.
They say your is a real lady killer. Do the ladies die laughing?
You're not pretty enough to be this stupid.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Sorry, I didn't get that. I don't speak bullshit.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
I wanted to be you for Halloween but I couldn't get 7 cocks in my mouth.
Why don't you eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out smarter words?
If you hate yourself, remember that you're not alone. A lot of other people hate you too.
You are the reason for abortion legalization.
In an effort to watch your cholesterol, you eat Spam Lite.
Yo mama so fat she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Honey, you are not attractive enough to be that much of a cunt.
You're so ugly even Bob The Builder could not fix you.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smells of elderberry!!! I fart in your general direction!!!
Shove a fish up your asshole and say you're a mermaid.
I'm sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
Your masseuse uses lard.
Your mama's so fucking fat, when she goes camping the bears gotta hide their food.
Your back porch is bigger than your house.
When I saw your face on TV it said viewer description is advised.
If you were any more inbred you'd be a sandwich.
You are indeed cheated and deceived by falsehood, and that is what all like you deserve.
Your baby's favorite teething ring is the garden hose in the front yard.
I've just learned about your illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial.
You bring everyone joy when you leave the room.
Wither now, dear factious spirits? I will let you write and shriek for a thousand years and need not oppose you with more than one word. O how one word smashes you prophets and spirits into one lump in the gutter.
It’s better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you’re stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
You are as emotionally stable as an IKEA table.
You fucked your Sister in Law because she got a job at the bakery and kneaded dough.
You look like a ventriloquist dummy that came to life to become a sex offender.
If I am ever drunk, you'll be damn good looking.
Your mama has ever been involved in a cuss fight with the principal.
You're so unattractive that when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks.
You rush forward as an ass under the pelt of a lion.
Every letter of yours breathes Moabitish pride. So much can a single bull inflate a single bubble that you practically make distinguished asses into gods.
The devil rides you.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit a better argument than that.
You fell in love and broke it.
You're not pretty enough to be this dim-witted.
You suck shit through a straw.
As far as I have been able to see and hear, you have no argument but high-sounding words of sacrilege. Everyone ought properly to shun and avoid you as messengers of none other than the devil.
Your coat of arms features kudzu.
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Just a little FYI... I'm all out of the medicine that makes me like you.
Poisonous bunch-backed toad!
What is the weighted center between Planet X and Planet Y? Oh, it's you!
If stupid was a disability, you'd get a monthly check.
Your momma so fat, when she went to a doctor, she stepped on a scale and the doctor said &quot;Hey, that's my phone number.&quot;
You are dumber than Seriphian frogs and fishes.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate."
I had not supposed or expected your arrogant spirit to seek such a ridiculous and childish reason for lying; you should have better reasons.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
I was walking down the street with yo' mama, and they started shooting—they said 'hit the dirt,' and everyone jumped on yo' mama's back!
If there's anything else you need, please hesitate to ask.
You're the load your mother should've swallowed and then violently shit on your dad's micro penis.
I caught you wanking off to the Australian gecko like SAVE ME THAT 15% ON MY CAR INSURANCE A LITTLE HARDER DADDY
You are idiots and swine.
If my Penis was submerged under my gut I would be arguing on the Internet too. I Understand your anger Sir and I feel sympathy for you even existing. 
It is good to have you here because we need a hostage when the war begins.
You are the prostitute of heretics!
Some people are wise. You are otherwise.
Your wife keeps a can of Vienna sausage in her purse.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents for example.
In school, you sat next to everyone.
Beautiful! Your face is so symmetrical, like a Picasso painting!
You're so large, you could sell shade.
You are in all you do the very opposite of Christ as befits a true Antichrist.
I admire you because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief, and a cheat.
You're so dim-witted you tried to wake a sleeping bag.
I feel the urge to tell you to shut up even when you aren't talking.
Helpful hint to the scientist that programmed you: Most humans say &quot;Hello&quot; at the beginning of a conversation.
Most people haven't been in a Bentley.
You dress like you got your clothes stolen at the gym so they gave you what they had in the lost &amp; found bin
If you're so tough, pull up on me with a vacuum cleaner, but wait you're not going anywhere and you're still poor.
Madam, I may be drunk, but you are ugly. And at least I shall be sober in the morning.
You vacuous toffee-nosed malodorous pervert.
Here now, you ass, with your long donkey ears and accursed liar's mouth!
Do you comb your hair with a balloon?
You condemned the holy gospel and replaced it with the teaching of the dragon from hell.
None of your shirts cover your stomach.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
This is pure knavery with which the devil here deals. Tell me, you who are so pure, why are you here so filthy?
Your mother sucks bears in the forest.
You're a fucking lettuce. But like, a really old one  that's been in the back of the fridge too long and it's gone all brown and limp and no one wants it.
You're so stupid, you failed a blood test.
Wise words. For an idiot at least.
I'm looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
You look like I need a drink.
Your IQ is like gravity, it's pulling us down.
If the human body is 60% water, you're not fat; you're having a flood.
You speak and act only as an ungodly person does.
You abominable abomination.
A full-grown ostrich has fewer feathers than your cowboy hat.
You have that earth-sized forehead but still no brain.
You curse, blaspheme, skriek, struggle, bellow, and spit, so that, if people really heard you utter words, they would gather with chains and bars, just as if you were possessed by a legion of devils and had to be seized and bound.
Fatherless motherfucker
I could tell you to haul ass, and you'd have to make two trips.
It is the old dragon from the abyss of hell who is standing before me!
Hey, you know I'm actually gay and what you're doing is really turning me on so keep going please!
Do you have a chemical imbalance or is this just an attitude problem?
It is presumptuous for people who are as ignorant as you are not to take up the work of a herdsman.
Sometimes I think that the only way you can get stupider is to get bigger.
In appearance and words you simulate modesty, but you are so swollen with haughtiness, arrogance, pride, malice, villainy, rashness, superciliousness, ignorance, and stupidity that there is nothing to surpass you.
You act and speak as a bride of the devil, expressing what the devil inspires. All blasphemous words of this kind are nothing but childish, mad, sacrilegious ideas, and lies which are not worthy of answer.
I'd love to stay and talk, but I'm lying.
You're so large you'd need a commercial driver's license to ride her.
You will be utterly forgotten.
You are as thick as manure and only half as useful.
You are the Internet Explorer of people.
Your mom is like a brick: dirty, flat and gets laid by Mexicans.
I bet that your ballsack looks exactly like your face.
You're so ugly she could bring a tear to a glass eye.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
I fart to make you smell better.
Your screen door has no screen.
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
Yeah, you have your shit together. But it's still shit.
You roar as one possessed and full of devils.
Your brother-in-law is your uncle.
I'd spray WD-40 in your mouth if I thought it would stop that awful noise you're making.
You are the reason shampoo comes with use instructions.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
You should get one of those Life Alert bracelets, so if you ever get a life, they'll be notified immediately.
Your wife has ever said, "Come move this transmission so I can take a bath!"
You remind me of a penny, two-faced and not worth much.
You're so large that your shadow weighs 35 pounds.
You are the ultimate scourges of the world, the Antichrist together with your sophists and bishops.
Your coffee tastes like Mississippi penny-flavoured river cola.
You are the true, chief, and final Antichrist.
My dad got here with the milk before you came.
You should rightly be called lawyers for asses.
I'd call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the crap out of the toilet.
Let this generation of vipers prepare itself for unquenchable fire!
I tried to put myself in your shoes, but they were cheap and ugly.
You have two parts of your brain: 'left' and 'right.' In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
It's better to let someone think you're an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
You haven't lost all of your marbles, but there is a small hole in the bag.
You're not pretty enough to be that stupid.
Your mom is so fat that she had to get baptized at Sea World.
If I give you a straw, will you go suck the fun out of somebody else's day?
You moderate enforcer and eulogizer of moderation. You are one of those bloody and deceitful people who affect modesty in words and appearance, but who meanwhile breathe out threats and blood.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you were dead.
I never said you were immature. I said you could dress up like an adult for Halloween.
You remind me of a carnival ride. Everyone gets a turn, then after a few minutes, they get off you to find a place to puke.
A word to the wise ain't necessary. It's the stupid ones who need the advice.
Don't hurt yourself.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
How tall are you? I'm curious because I had no idea they could stack shit that high.
You are a coarse devil who hurts me but little.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll be glad to do so for you.
Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul
You are so old that the candles on your birthday cake raised the earth's temperature by three degrees.
Your wife can climb a tree faster than your cat.
You are like a herd of swine being invited to the table of a prince. You understand not such an honor, but only ravage what is set before you, even soiling the prince.
Yo mama is so foolish she bought tickets to Xbox Live.
Nobody wants to be with somebody who's been with everybody.
Doesn't you just love nature, despite what it did to him?
Your mom is so fat that she irons her clothes in the driveway!
Instead of looking up your family tree, why not just get a packet of seeds and start over?
You have enough fat to make another human.
You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn't die.
You are not a pious fraud, but an infernal, diabolical, antichristian fraud.
I'm not saying you're stupid. Let's just say you're unlucky when it comes to thinking.
When do your batteries run down?
You are a brothel-keeper and the devil's daughter in hell.
You might have a million-dollar body, but you have a food stamp face.
Your vehicle has a two-tone paint job—primer red and primer gray.
What happened to the house built on sand in Matthew 7 will also happen to you.
Elvish-mark'd abortive, rooting hog.
The last thing I want to do is insult you, but it is on my list.
Like the toad; ugly and venomous.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain it to you.
At least when I do a handstand, my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
I hope you win the lottery and die the next day.
I've stepped in puddles deeper than you.
You plunge in like a sow to devour pearls, and like a dog tearing holy things to pieces.
You're about as popular as a bonus track on a Yoko Ono album.
I am tired of the pestilent voice of your sirens.
Somewhere out there is a tree tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe; I think you owe it an apology.
Your sophisticated show-biz cousin is a rodeo clown.
I hope you outlive your children.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
For you are an excellent person, as skilful, clever, and versed in Holy Scripture as a cow in a walnut tree or a sow on a harp.
Your mama calls you over to help because she has a flat tire...on her house.
I have seen a classroom full of mentally challenged children that acted more mature than you.
I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you over the little voice in my head screaming, "What a load of crap!"
I hear that when you were a child, your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you, but the Mafia wanted too much.
You really tried, after all the shit you say, here's some toilet paper.
My silence only means that you're not worth the argument.
You’re so fake, I bet if I look behind your neck, it says "Made in China."
If you fall in love with your problems, maybe they'll leave you too.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
Thou art as fat as butter
You need a speed bump between your brain and your mouth.
You have the rest of your life to be a loser; why not take today off?
You're so fat you inspired the legend of Bigfoot and Godzilla .
I hear that when your mother first saw you, she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
I love what you've done with your hair. How does it come out of your nostrils like that?
You are so dim-witted that you planted a dogwood tree and expected a litter of puppies.
I never forget a face, but in your case, I'll be glad to make an exception.
Your gene pool could use a little more chlorine.
Your handkerchief doubles as your shirt sleeve.
Your Christmas cards have a copy of your butt included.
I was frightened and thought I was dreaming, it was such a thunderclap, such a great horrid fart did you let go here! You certainly pressed with great might to let out such a thunderous fart - it is a wonder that it did not tear your hole and belly apart!
Is that your face, or did your neck just throw up?
Please tell your pants it's not polite to point.
Whatever medication you're taking, up the dosage.
Take care, you evil and wrathful spirits. God may ordain that in swallowing you may choke to death.
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
When was the last time you looked in the fucktard mirror?
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just come out of your mouth?
Your wife's hairdo attracts bees.
People of your sort are hirelings, dumb dogs unable to bark, who see the wolf coming and flee or, rather, join up with the wolf.
We despise your whorish impudence.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; it's hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
You thought "The Exorcist" was a workout video.
You fight like a dairy farmer.
You're as bright as a black hole and twice as dense.
You are so ugly, that the only way you can get laid is to crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Take a flying fuck though a rolling donut.
Yes, what happened to you is what must happen when one paints the devil above the door and asks him to be godfather.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
You're a walking advertisement for abortion, Connor, you really are.
Sex with her is like throwing your kitbag on the wash pile.
You're such a waste of time, can you at least give me my 60 seconds back?
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; you only gargled.
I would insult you, but nature did a better job.
You're so unattractive that the only dates you get are on a calendar.
What devilish unchristian thing would you not undertake?
Your most expensive shoes have numbers on the heels.
You look sad today. Why don't you go cuddle with your toaster in the bathtub?
Elephants get an erection when they see you.
You're so large that a picture of you would fall off the wall!
Are you ignorant of what it means to be ignorant?
Yo mama is so clueless that when I told her Christmas was around the corner, she went looking for it.
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
You're imppossible to underestimate.
You find things irreverent, inquisitive, and vain just as all ungodly men do, or rather, as the demons and the damned find things hateful and detestable.
Two wrongs don't make a right; take your parents as an example.
I want you to know that someone cares. Not me, but someone.
When you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
Your mama doesn't remove the Marlboro from her lips before telling the State Trooper to kiss her ass.
I hope that your mother dies having my abortion.
Go and hide under something old!
Your dog and your wallet are both on chains.
You can't even jump to a conclusion.
Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
What light can there be in heads that hold such tangible darkness?
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
You're so fat, I took a picture of you last Christmas, and it's still printing.
If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I'd fart.
Thine forward voice, now, is to speak well of thine friend; thine backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract.
Your dad walks you to school because you are both in the same grade.
If I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give one.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take your parents as an example.
I'm no proctologist, but I know an idiot when I see one.
Is your butt jealous of the amount of crap that just came out of your mouth?
You massive collosal cuntasaurus.
If you want to do better, you should lower your prices; 50 cents a night is a little high!
I'm not saying you're lazy, but you should try out for "American Idle."
You are proof that God has a sense of humor.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
Since you know it all, you should also know when to shut the hell up.
You're so large that your double chin has a double chin.
I pissed on things that were smarter than you.
You are horrendously ugly.
Thou sodden-witted lord! Thou hast no more brain than I have in mine elbows.
If brains were gasoline, you couldn't run an ant's go-kart two laps around a Cheerio.
You're about as useful as a knitted condom.
Your wife's job requires her to wear an orange vest.
It may be that you want to build yourself a heaven of your own, like those jugglers build themselves out of linen cloth at the Shrove Tuesday carnival. Is it not disgusting that we have to hear such foolish and childish things from you?
You're so narrow-minded you could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
I think senility will be a fairly smooth transition for you.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
You're so ugly, you could make an onion cry.
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport!
You're so stupid you got fired from the M&amp;M factory for throwing out all the Ws.
I'd agree with you but the we'd both be wrong.
Fewer than half of your cars run.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
How is it, then, that you drivel like people in their second childhood?
The very devil himself would thank you for such an event, and no one but the miserable devil and his devilish scum would go there.
Did your mother also have livebirths?
Just because you have hair around your lips does not give you permission to be a cunt. (said to a bearded person)
Ordinarily, people live and learn; you just live.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show, and you won.
Your mouth has the same function like an asshole, it spits shit.
The difference between you and a Christmas tree is the Christmas tree looks good with the lights on.
Just the omission of your writings alone would make a fairly good
You no longer have, as you did several centuries ago, a cunning devil spurring you on, but a palpable blockhead, a crude devil, who in his malice can no longer disguise himself.
It's kind of sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into a sentence.
Your best ashtray is a turtle shell.
I will treat you like AM radio, I just don't listen to you.
You're like a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
There you are, like butter in sunshine.
No matter how low I lower the bar of expectation, somehow you manage to roll right under it.
May a cat eat you, and may the devil eat the cat.
Your good deed for the month was hiding your brother for a few days.
I'm envious of all the people who haven't met you.
At the circus, a little girl asked if she could ride the elephant.
library out of a library that hadn't a book in it.
I'm not saying you're easy, but you've been under more sheets than the KKK.
I think you should socially distance from your refrigerator.
I bite my thumb at you, sir.
You are the devil's most dangerous tool!
Oh my God, it spoke!!!!
What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid, and you don't.
I wish someone would tear you down and put up a human being.
I would slap you but that would be animal abuse.
Of course, I talk like an idiot. How else would you understand me?
It's okay to be ugly, but aren't you overdoing it?
You sound like the sort of incompetent fool who would have a pet rock die on them.
Hope you get well soon. Stupidity is an serious illness!
You sleep with so many boys, you're starting to look like one.
&quot;Ugly ass, motherfucker.&quot;
If you ever shave your legs, you could donate to Locks of Love.
Were you raised to be this stupid or is it in the DNA?
Your 'huntin' dawg' cost more than the truck you drive him around in.
The reward of such flattery is what your crass stupidity deserves. Therefore, we shall turn from you, a sevenfold stupid and blasphemous wise person.
You're so ugly, your memory foam mattress is trying to forget you.
If we evolved from apes you didn't evolve enough.
Some people are just dumb. Take you for example!
If you can't take a joke, I suggest you avoid mirrors.
What's the difference between you and Hitler? Hitler knew when to kill himself.
Stupidity is not a crime, so you're free to go.
Your dad is also your favorite uncle.
Your mom is so fat that they use her underwear for bungee jumping!
I'm not saying I hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
You are the true print and touch of the devil.
You owe it an apology.
I didn't mean to offend you, but it was a huge bonus.
Listen, murdered of souls and sinful spirit!
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
I added your name to my contact list. I named it "Do Not Answer."
You are jugglers of imaginary sins.
You look as if a pig and a elephant got married, and you're their offspring.
Shutting the fuck up is gluten free. Add that to your diet.
Thou lump of foul deformity.
Suck devilcock in hell you faggotdwarf
May the Lord Jesus protect me and all devout souls from your contagion and your company!
Take care of your eyes. They're the only balls you have.
You are like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you.
I am astonished to see you without a broom in this height. (when you're in a skyscraper)
Must we believe your nightmares?
Proteus is no Proteus compared with you.
I bet your brain feels as good as new since you never use it.
You arch-assassin and bloodhound, the like of which has never been seen under the sun.
I'm guessing you weren't burdened with an overabundance of schooling.
You got arrested at the airport for ten pounds of crack.
Momma taught you how to flip a cigarette.
I've stepped on crap smarter than you!
There you are in the chains of divine judgment, bound in hell like all the devils.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
You sophistic worms, grasshoppers, locusts, frogs and lice!
What's the difference between a Bentley and your sister?
I really wish I could understand you, but I don't bark.
Getting a package from your post office requires a full tank of gas in the truck.
The back of your neck resembles a pack of hot dogs.
You're just such a treasure that I'd like to bury you.
You are as a candle, the better burnt out.
I'll eat a bowl of water with a fork before I care what you think about me.
Your value doesn't even amount to the juice squeezed from an old whore's soiled Tampon.
If you can't help, shutting up is the best option.
Your sin smells to high heaven.
After meeting you, I've decided I am in favor of abortion.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
It took yo' mama ten tries to get her driver's license; she couldn't get used to the front seat!
Thy tongue outvenoms all the worms of Nile.
There's a reason why monkeys fucked buffalos!
Thou leathern-jerkin, crystal-button, knot-pated, agatering, puke-stocking, caddis-garter, smooth-tongue, Spanish pouch!
You are emissaries of the devil.
You're so unattractive that you have to trick or treat over the phone.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
You look like a before picture.
You're so enormous that the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
You foster in your heart a Lucian, or some other pig from Epicurus' sty.
I'd call you a tool, but that would imply you were useful in at least one way.
Bikers back down from your mama.
You're like my fish tank, you're mostly water, you've got crabs, and you're full of crap.
I heard you went to a haunted house, and they offered you a job.
From the first time I saw you, I knew I was going to give you the wrong phone number.
Go, you whore, go to the devil for all I care.
That little voice in the back of your head, telling you you'll never be good enough? It's right.
I'd love to insult you, but I'm afraid I wouldn't do as well as nature did.
You are a person of sin and the child of perdition, leading all the world with you to the devil, using your lying and deceitful ways.
I think you received these ideas in your pipe dreams.
Keep fucking off until you get back there.
You teach the disorderly masses to break into this field in disorder like pigs.
The only dates you get are updates.
You hold fast to human dreams and the doctrines of devils.
You look sad today. Is it because of the haircut?
You look like a person who'd try to extinguish a wildfire with a screwdriver.
Your mom is so fat that cars run out of gas just trying to pass her ass!
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on the way to a family reunion.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire, I'd drink the water.
Let me guess -- your Mom used your soft spot as a planter, didn't she?
Truly, I never imagined, and at the same time was shocked, to see how deeply you still cling to your errors.
&quot;Dude you're fat&quot; &quot;It runs in the family&quot; &quot;Mate, no one runs in your family&quot;
Luckily, you don't have enough friends for an intervention.
You loathsome, accursed, atrocious monster.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
If you have an opinion about my life, raise your hand. Now put it over your mouth.
You're so large that the only vehicle that would impress you is a food truck.
Your mother should have thrown you away and kept the stork.
I was pro-life until I met you.
You don't skinny dip; you chunky dunk.
You seem to me to be a real masterpiece of the devil's art.
If I wanted to commit suicide, I'd throw myself off your ego and crash land on your IQ.
Try being informed instead of just opinionated.
It's not that I don't like you; it's just that I feel better when you're not around.
The only difference between your mother and a subway is not everybody has ridden a subway.
Easy on the make-up, girl. I've seen clowns that look more natural than you.
You're so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it
In lying fashion you ignore what even children know.
I hope you step on a Lego.
What doesn't kill you disappoints me.
You are an an unsightly hunchbacked leper queer.
In our country, fruit grows on trees and from trees, and meditation upon sin grows from contrition. But in your land, trees may grow on fruits, contrition from sins, people walk on their ears, and everything is upside down.
You're so fat you had to be baptised in Sea World.
So, a thought crossed your mind? It must have been a long and lonely journey.
You clearly have not been burdened by an overabundance of education.
You forgot to purge yourself with hellabore while you were preparing to fabricate this lie.
I can't be held responsible for what my face does when you talk.
You are so ugly, when you were born the doctor cried out loud first, not you.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's backside and wait.
You have your own zip code.
Your mom is so fat she ordered a double room for a singles weekend!
You say you have a bad back? Your front is nothing to write home about either.
You are an abominable arch-heretic.
I didn't mean to push all of your buttons. I was just looking for mute.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You know less than does a log on the ground.
What a fine spirit we have here, who would drive out the devil by a devil. Indeed you would disgrace public truth with public lies.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
You are desperate, thorough arch-rascals, murderers, traitors, liars, the very scum of all the most evil people on earth. You are full of all the worst devils in hell - full, full, and so full that you can do nothing but vomit, throw, and blow out devils!
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries! Now go away or I will taunt you a second time.
I would tell you to count your braincells, but I know you can't count that high.
Your Junior/Senior Prom had a daycare.
My dog says that from now on, you have to start paying him!
That trunk of humours, that bolting-hutch of beastliness, that swollen parcel of dropsies, that huge bombard of sack, that stuffed cloak-bag of guts, that roasted Manningtree ox with pudding in his belly, that reverend vice, that grey Iniquity, that father ruffian, that vanity in years?
You're about as useless as a back pocket on a T-shirt.
If thou wilt needs marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them.
I love what you've done with your hair. How did you get it  to come out of your nostrils like that?
You pusillanimous scoundrel.
People like you are the reason they have to put directions on shampoo.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
You are such outrageous, shameless blockheads.
(Phone ringing)... Excuse me it's your village, they want their idiot back.
I'm not saying you're large, but it looks like you were poured into your clothes, and someone forgot to say "when."
Some people say their body is a temple. Yours is more of a bouncy castle.
missed if you don't hurry along.
I thought I would never laugh again, but then I saw your new girlfriend.
Your mom's so ugly she made Chuck Norris have a heart attack 
The thing standing in the way of your dreams is that the person having them is you.
You're so unattractive that when you went to the salon, it took three hours just to get an estimate.
Don't believe everything you think.
Your teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when you smile.
Your mama has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
Before God and men I accuse all of you as arsonists, blasphemers, murderers, and ravagers of Christian piety.
Your wife has a beer belly, and you find it attractive.
Put a denture in you asshole and laugh to the cock.
Acting like a dick won't make yours any more bigger either.
Hellen Keller with a shotgun would be a more useful teammate than you.
How would you like to donate a pint of blood through the nose?
I love what you've done with your hair. How did you get it to come out of one nostril like that?
Are you sure the nurses know you're using the computer?
May you inherit a house with a thousand rooms and be found dead in every one of them.
If you were any less intelligent, we'd have to water you three times a week.
Thine face is not worth sunburning.
I could eat a can of alphabet soup and shit a better argument than yours.
You are so fucking boring and annoying that you could have your own sitcom at Nickelodeon.
May God punish you, I say, you shameless, barefaced liar, devil's mouthpiece, who dares to spit out, before God, before all the angels, before the dear sun, before all the world, your devil's filth.
If your brain were made of chocolate, it wouldn't fill an M&M.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
Your mom just called me, and she asked, that on your way home, you pick up a loaf of bread, bag of milk and some condoms, so she doesn't make the same mistake twice.
Loser, I'm not insulting you. I'm describing you.
Look, you aint funny. Your life is just a joke.
You hit like a vegetarian.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
I can explain it to you but...
I'm not saying you're ugly, but if you were cast as Lady Godiva, the horse would steal the show.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
Your secret family recipe is illegal.
People like you are the reason why shampoo bottles have instructions.
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds.
Do you not see here the devil, the enemy of God's order?
A penny for your thoughts seems a little pricey.
Ur mum geh
Well, I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You do nothing with all your profusion of words but fight a fire with dry straw.
Shhhh... that's the sound of nobody caring what you think.
You say I look bad yet whenever I look at you, you give me pharyngitis. 
Yo mama is so unattractive that her portraits hang themselves.
Look how this great heretic speaks brazenly and sacrilegiously.
Wipe your mouth. There's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
You have fought against us as one would attack a cliff with a broken straw.
Your mother should have swallowed, you need to know that before continuing.
If you judge me by my past, don't be surprised when you become part of it.
You look like you're trying to hide the pain from a stubbed toe.
There was an accident years ago. The accident wasn't on a highway, but in your mom's bedroom.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You are in a group that is the reason why human stupidity is infinite.
I beg you put your glasses on your nose, or blow your nose a bit, to make your head lighter and the brain clearer.
Your birth certificate should be an apology letter from a condom factory.
You run against God with the horns of your pride up in the air and thus plunge into the abyss of hell. Woe unto you, Antichrist!
When you fell out of bed, you fell from both sides.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
Your dog can't watch you eat without gagging.
How far will you go, O devilish pride?
Your biggest ambition in life is to "git that big ole coon. The one what hangs 'round over yonder, back'ah Bubba's barn..."
I heard you changed your mind. What did you do with the diaper?
You're more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
If I ate a bowl of alphabet soup, I could produce a smarter sentence than any of yours.
When was the last time you could see your whole body in the mirror?
You are the moral equivalent of a leech.
Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale?
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
I was pro-life before I met you.
You are two letters short of an asset.
You sharp-eyed bats.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb to the number of your chromosomes and then jump to your IQ.
I'm sorry I asked "How dumb can you get?" You seem to be taking it as a challenge.
It's not pretty watching a jackass trying to eat a pomegranate.
Let a hungry Carpathian long-haired she-wolf blow your dick, fuck
That cycle of mediocrity isn't due to some obstacle; it's who you are.
You're so ugly, you could make a freight train take a dirt road.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
Your pocketknife has ever been referred to as Exhibit A.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
You are the answer to the question what would it look like if my thumb was hairy.
You must have a very low opinion of people if you think they are your equals.
You are like the ostrich, the foolish bird which thinks it is wholly concealed when it gets its neck under a branch. Or like small children, who hold their hands in front of their eyes and seeing nobody imagine that no one sees them either.
I squint at the sun because it's bright. I squint at you because you're not.
I wouldn't say you are stupid. You are, but I wouldn't say it.
You are full of poisonous refuse and insane foolishness.
You're so large that when you were diagnosed with a flesh-eating bacteria, the doctors gave you 87 years to live.
You're like a plunger. You keep bringing up old shit.
We leave you to your own devices, for nothing properly suits you except hypocrisy, flattery, and lies.
All Christians should be on guard against your antichristian poison.
When you step on the scale, it says, "To be continued."
Your Christmas tree is still up in February.
Your school fight song was "Dueling Banjos."
Boy, your about as sharp as a bowling ball.
As an outsider, what is your perspective on intelligence?
The only reason I am fat is because every time I fuck your mom she makes me a sandwich.
The only thing that goes erect when I'm near you is my middle finger.
twatface
You haven't been yourself lately. We've all noticed the improvement.
You are admirable, fine, pious sows and asses.
If your IQ were three points higher, you'd be a rock.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
I'd have to grease the door frame and hold a Twinkie on the other side just to get you through.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling in your skull?
Your house doesn't have curtains, but your truck does.
You're like STDs, nobody wants you, everyone hates you and it proves your parents should have used protection.
I'd call you a cunt but you lack the depth and warmth.
I would give you a nasty look, but I see you already have one.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries.
You're the drop of cum that your mum should've swallowed.
Looks aren't everything; in your case, they aren't anything.
tosser
The only culture you possess is bacteria.
You like as an arch rascal and disgraceful scoundrel.
You are about as desirable as fire in a desert day.
You're a huge dick with a small penis.
When you were conceived you were strained through the bed sheets &amp; the best part ran down the bedroom wall.
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!
I'm not saying you're fat, but if you get murdered, your chalk line would be a circle.
Your 'charm' is about as appealing to me as closing my scrotum in a blu-ray-disc case.
When did you move up from a part-time retard role to a full-time retard role?
I would agree with you, but then we would both be wrong.
You influence the tides.
Why play so hard to get when you're already so hard to want?
Exxon and Conoco have offered you royalties for your hair.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be dim-witted!
You have set out to rub your scabby, scurvy head against honor.
Your bumper sticker says, "My other car is a combine."
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
You're so large that every time you turn around, it's your birthday.
I wish you were fluent in silence.
If my dog had a face like yours, I'd shave its ass and make it walk backwards.
You look like you struggle with simple tasks.
You deserve a tongue punch in the fart box.
You're so dumb, you thought you could only listen to an AM radio in the morning.
A body like yours doesn't happen overnight. It takes pregnancy, neglect, and some extra slices of pizza.
Villain, I have done thy mother.
Your flexibility amazes me! How do you get your foot in your mouth and your head up your ass all at the same time?
Close your legs. Your breath stinks. 
May your wife give birth to a centipede so you have to work for shoes all your life.
Were you against the heathen Priapus, he would probably pass wind in the face of such well-aimed terror.
Did you know they used to be called "Jumpolines" until your mom jumped on one?
A fuckking snail could chase your skinny ass down and eat for dinner, and then it would still die of hunger.
A most notable coward, an infinite and endless liar, an hourly promise breaker, the owner of no one good quality.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one pound bag.
When you popped out, the doctor said, "Aww, what a treasure," and your mom replied, "Yeah, let's bury it."
You're like a human version of a migraine.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
dingus
A man with a sheep's head would not go out looking like you!
You're so unattractive that you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries.
I would like to learn from your mistakes but I am not sure if I could keep up.
You look like how dust tastes.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me?
If your brain was donated to science, science would return it.
I saved yo' mama's life today...I killed a sht-eating dog on the way over!
You're so fat, her stomach is no longer an internal organ.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
In tough situations, you ask yourself, "What would Curly do?"
You are a flesh-monger, a fool and a coward!
You're so fat, when you took your dress to the dry cleaners, they said, "Sorry, we don't do curtains."
You are like mouse-dropping in the pepper.
I heard you took an IQ test, and they said your results were negative.
The doctor called with the results of your colonoscopy. Good news! They found your head.
Your mind is like someone emptied a junk drawer onto a trampoline.
Those penis enlargement pills you took must be working. You're a bigger dick now than you were last week.
Thou cream-faced loon!
You Sir, are a execrable, flagging lump, and your mother is a frightful, milk-smelling blot.
If stupid could fly, you'd be a jet.
Your beer can collection is considered a tourist attraction in your hometown.
If semen was glow-in-the-dark, your asshole would be a disco.
Shut your festering gob,you tit!
You are as a candle, better burnt out.
Can someone die from constipation? I'm a little worried about how full of shit you are.
There's no more faith in thee than in a stewed prune.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives at the mall; you should get one.
Your soap on a rope doubles as an air freshener.
Then fuck off some more.
Then fuck off again.
You are like a magician who conjures gulden into the mouths of silly people, but when they open their mouths they have horse dirt in them.
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants its butt back?
From the moment we met, I knew I wanted to spend my whole life without you.
Go, prick thy face, and over-red thy fear, Thou lily-liver'd boy.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma?
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Today, my middle finger will be answering all of your questions.
You are undisciplined heads who out of utter perversity are able to do nothing in common or in agreement, but are different and self-centered in heart and life.
Listen, you ass, you are a particularly crass ass, indeed, you are a filthy sow!
Blind moles!
Are you going to be the cause of my next headache?
Oh, you want to trade insults? Wait here while I go get a lobotomy,
Do you have a congenital defect or is stupidity a cultural thing for you?
I'm sure that whatever you have to say can wait until you're smarter.
Honey, you couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the inside.
I've got heels higher than your standards.
Your father is so ugly, if he were muslim he would have to wear a burka.
fuckwit
Shove fireworks up your asshole and fly away.
You remind me of a toilet bowl—fat, round, and full of shit.
You're like a glow stick. I want to snap you and shake the shit out of you until the light comes on.
More than one living relative is named after a Southern Civil War general.
Clearly, wit is a skill you have yet to master.
Your wife's a hobby horse!
I'm going to fuck your dad and give him a child he'll actually love.
God wasted a perfectly good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
It seems I must have liars and villains for opponents. I am not worthy in the sight of God that a godly and honorable person should discuss these matters with me in a Christian way. This is my greatest lament.
May your day and future be as pleasant as you are.
You're such a bitch. I think she must be having someone else's period.
If I wanna hear from your mouth again, I'll just rattle my zipper.
Just because you fuck clowns doesn't make you Harley Quinn.
Your mother fucks for bricks so she can build your sister a whorehouse!
You're so fat you make a hippo look skinny!
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
Your mom is so fat that you gotta grease the tub to get her in the bath!
You're so full of shit, the toilet is jealous.
What do you mean when you say this? Are you dreaming in the throes of a fever or are you laboring under a madness?
Your grandmother can correctly execute the sleeper hold.
Let the rats ejaculate on you.
The only way a woman is going to touch you is with a taser.
I can't understand for you.
You can't kill yourself because the knife will bounce you fat ass motherfucker.
I'm sorry I didn't get that; I don't speak idiot.
I'd give you a nasty look, but you've already got one.
You're useless as tits on a boar hog.
Yeah, but you're ugly and confused.
People would pay to pee in your food bowl.
You're so unattractive you make blind kids cry.
You have lost head, eyes, brain, and heart, since you know neither shame nor fear, and dare wager all according to your whims.
You don't have cellulite; you have celluheavy.
Sorry for the mean, awful, accurate things I said.
Your hairdo has ever been ruined by a ceiling fan.
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Your richest relative buys a new house, and you have to help take the wheels off it.
Oh yeah, you're street smart. Sesame Street.
Your parents hated you so much that your bath toys were an iron and a toaster.
If you're going to be two-faced at least make sure one of them is pretty.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
My soul, like Ezekiel's, is nauseated at eating your bread covered with human dung. Do you know what this means?
You can't fit in any timeline.
It looks like your face caught on fire, and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
Don't let your mind wander. It's too small to be let out on its own.
You're not supposed to talk with your mouth full anyways.
Your wheelbarrow breaks, and it takes four relatives to figure out how to fix it.
Memories of you make me look forward to Alzheimer's.
Here is proof that your parents never lie: they insult you.
Jack Daniels makes your list of "most admired people."
Darwin's theory of survival of the fittest is shattered to bits by how fat you are.
I'll beat thee, but I would infect my hands.
Your wedding was held in the delivery room.
The last time you weighed yourself, Buzz Lightyear popped out and exclaimed, "To infinity and beyond!"
I can with good conscience consider you a fart-ass and an enemy of God.
Your mom is so fat, she has to use a satellite dish for a diaphragm.
Please, I could remove 90% of your 'beauty' with a tissue.
What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid.
Your mom is so fat—she's got more chins than Chinatown!
Of course, we can be friends... just not with each other.
Hey, your village called—they want their idiot back.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Whoever told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
I tried to see things from your perspective, but I couldn't seem to shove my head that far up my backside.
You're so old, she was a waitress at The Last Supper.
More of your conversation would infect my brain.
I'd tell you to go to Hell, but Satan still has a restraining order against you.
It's called a joke. Just look at your life for another example of one.
You're so unattractive that you had tinted windows on your incubator.
You were jerking off in a plastic bag, and somebody asked, "What are you doing?" and you said, "Packing my lunch."
Hey, you there: Fuck off.
Your baby's first words are "Attention K-Mart shoppers."
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
Birds are attracted to your beard.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants its ass back?
You're as ugly as a salad!
Keep talking; someday you'll say something intelligent!
How appropriate. You fight like a cow.
At your speed, you'd better not stop your mouth too fast, or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
You are not human beings, but empty shells and shadows.
Your kid takes a siphon hose to show-and-tell.
You're calling me ugly? What do you think I am, a mirror?
You're so large that her Fitbit dialed 911.
You are worse than all the devils. What you have done, no devil has ever done. Your end is near, you son of perdition and Antichrist! Stop now, you are going to far!
You need a kiss on the neck from a crocodile.
The last time I saw a face like yours, I fed it a banana.
Sometimes I wonder how you can fit all of that stupid into one head.
I bet 90% of your beauty would be removed with a Kleenex.
You should always carry a plant with you, to replace the oxygen you're wasting.
Your local ambulance has a trailer hitch.
You seem to be wrangling about goat's wool, like the man who watched the play in an empty theater.
How old were you when your brain got up and left?
You have all the grace of a golden retriever on a freshly waxed floor.
Thou art unfit for any place but hell.
If you can't be a good example, then you just have to be a horrible warning.
You didn't fall from the stupid tree; you were dragged through the entire dumbass forest.
You'll never be the man that your mother is.
You egg, you fry of treachery.
You so dumb you thought a quarterback was a refund
I know my biology; it's your biology I don't know.
You're so old that he gets nostalgic when he sees the Neolithic cave paintings.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to express how I feel about you.
Your birth certificate is an apology from the abortion clinic.
Well, aren't you a little ray of pitch black?
You dear asses.
What else can one say here, except that these ideas originate in your own wanton concoctions, or in a drunken dream?
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
I had a wet dream about you last night. I pissed myself laughing when you fell off a cliff.
You do nothing more than latch on to a small word and smear over with your spittle as you please, but meanwhile you do not take into account other texts which overthrow you who smear and spits, so that you are up-ended with all four limbs in the air.
You're an audacious, ideologically unsound, presumptuous mother fucker.
You're so old she didn't celebrate Christmas as a child because Christ wasn't born yet.
You have a priesthood of Satan.
Come, come, you froward and unable worms!
I took a picture of you at Christmas, and it's still printing.
First of all, brush your teeth
When you board an airplane, you have to pay baggage fees for your backside.
I'm not saying he was a disappointing date, but he could run into a wall with an erection and break his nose.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
I don't have the time, patience, or crayons to explain this to you.
Whoever tolerates and listens to you should know that they are listening to the devil himself, incarnate and abominable, as he speaks out of the mouth of a possessed person.
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones.
You, devil and Hanswurst, are in this matter a particularly silly wurst to lie so shamefully.
You're about as sharp as a marble, aren't you?
You're so ugly, when she walks by a toilet, it flushes itself.
You starvelling, you eel-skin, you dried neat's-tongue, you bull's-pizzle, you stock-fish'O for breath to utter what is like thee!-you tailor's-yard, you sheath, you bow-case, you vile standing tuck!
What are you breeders doing in public? Shouldn't you be out raping women or something?
Your father encourages you to quit school because Larry has an opening on the lube rack.
Phooey on you, you servant of idols!
I think that if you were alone in the field, an angry cat would be enough to scare you away.
doodoohead
Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Your mom is like a shotgun—one cock, and she's ready to blow.
You're fat, but don't sugarcoat it, or you'll eat that too.
Your mom is like a TV set; anyone can turn her on.
Oh my God, look at you! Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
I hope you wear your cum filled socks to work
And when you got there, fuck off from there too.
Did you have an extra bowl of stupid this morning?
An expired license plate means another decoration for your living room wall.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
Two wrongs don't make a right; just look at your parents.
If I got a dollar for every time I thought about you, I'd start thinking about you.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
I hope your day is as pleasant as you are.
You Sir are an insult upon insults of a booble on an assortment.
Do thou amend thy face, and I'll amend my life.
Nobody likes you; you're unattractive, and your mother dresses funny.
One day you will want to undertake something highly important and I will bear witness. I will watch you crash and burn, and I will warm my hands in the fires of your failure.
You look like a visible fart.
Everything makes sense to a moron.
You're so large, when she asked for a water bed, they put a blanket over the ocean.
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
You've got a face only a sledgehammer could love... And has.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
My idea of "Help from above" is a sniper on the roof.
I think that you would not be bold enough to blow at a farmer's fence if you knew that there was a flail behind the door; you would lift your heels in quite a manly way, as though it were snowing flails behind you.
Your sister sucks so much dick she could sell her spit to a sperm bank!
You're impossible to underestimate.
You look like you love the smell of your own farts.
You're so large that at the zoo, the elephants started throwing you peanuts.
You are so unlucky that a polar bear will fuck you in the desert.
You may not be Mr. Right, but he'll do until he shows up.
It isn't that I'm not a people person; I'm just not a stupid people person.
If you'd be a spice, you'd be flour.
What good purpose can you lazy, sluggish bullies accomplish?
When you turn around, people throw you a welcome back party.
Your car has never had a full tank of gas.
Your coffee table used to be a telephone cable spool.
I thought of you today; it reminded me to take the garbage out.
I'm certain that 90% of your beauty could be removed with a Kleenex.
Since you are such vulgar blockheads that you think such lewd and stupid gossip will harm me or bring you honor, you are the real Hanswursts - blockheads, boors, and dunderheads.
